Home

The main news

Announcement

04 June 2026

Notice

The Joint-Stock Company "Mortgage Refinancing Company of Uzbekistan" presents its compliments and hereby announces that the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on June 25, 2026, at the Orient Business Center, located at 64 Oloy Bozori Street, Buyuk Turon MFY, Yunusabad District, Tashkent City. The e-mail address of the JSC "Mortgage Refinancing Company of Uzbekistan" is - info@uzmrc.uz

Start of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders - 15:00.

Registration of participants in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will take place from 14:45 to 15:00.

The date of formation of the register of Shareholders of the Company for notification of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders - June 1, 2026.

The date for forming the register of Shareholders of the Company entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders - June 19, 2026.

Agenda:

Approval of the number and composition of the members of the Counting Commission of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.

Approval of the regulations of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.

Approval of the annual report of the Executive Management of UzMRC based on the results of 2025, including the balance sheet and the profit and loss statement.

Hearing the report of the Supervisory Board of UzMRC on the results of 2025.

Approval of the external audit opinion of the audit firm “KPMG-AUDIT” LLC on the report prepared in accordance with IFRS on the results of the financial and economic activities of UzMRC for 2025.

Review the results of the verification and assessment of the achievement of KPIs of UzMRC for the year 2025.

Review the results of the assessment of the corporate governance system of UzMRC in 2025 and compliance with the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code.

Distribution of the net profit for the reporting year.

Approval of the new organizational structure of UzMRC.

Approval of the new version of the Charter of UzMRC.

Approval of the new version of the Regulation on the General Meeting of Shareholders of UzMRC.

Approval of the new version of the Regulation on the Supervisory Board of UzMRC.

Approval of the new version of the Regulation on the Executive Management of UzMRC..

Approval of the Regulation on the procedure for remuneration of the Supervisory Board of UzMRC.

Early termination of the powers of the independent member of the Supervisory Board, Khamid Irgashev.

Election of independent members of the Supervisory Board.

Election of members of the Supervisory Board.

Election of Murodjon Farmanov as CEO of UzMRC.

Approval of the Supervisory Board’s decision dated June 15, 2023, appointing Murodjon Farmanov as CEO of UzMRC for a three-year term.

Adopting decision on selection and remuneration to be paid for an external audit organization to conduct a mandatory audit of UzMRC activity in 2026.

Review the list of agreements that may be concluded by the Company with an affiliated person of UzMRC in the course of its daily business activities in the period until the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.

Shareholders can familiarize themselves with all information (materials) for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders at the following address: 64 Oloy Bazar St., Buyuk Turon MCA, Yunusabad District, Tashkent, Orient Business Center. Contact phone - 78 148 30 00 (118) (Corporate Affairs Specialist - B. Ibrokhimov). Applications are accepted daily from Monday to Friday from 09:00 to 18:00 (break from 13:00 to 14:00).

To participate in the annual general meeting of shareholders, it is necessary to have an identity document of the shareholders' representatives and a power of attorney issued in accordance with the current legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan.

According to Article 58 of the Law of the Republic of Uzbekistan "On Joint-Stock Companies and Protection of Shareholders' Rights", when holding a general meeting of shareholders, it is possible to use information and communication technologies that provide the opportunity to participate in the general meeting, discuss agenda items and make decisions on issues put to a vote.

Supervisory Board of

JSC “Mortgage Refinancing Company of Uzbekistan”